# FBLA-2021-Coding-and-Programming

This is my project for 2021 FBLA Coding and Programming for Nationals. 

It is a website which has a 5-question quiz with four types of questions: multiple choice, true/false, fill-in-the-blank, and dropdown. The quiz consists of FBLA questions from objective tests from various different FBLA events. The quiz also has a 20-minute time limit. If you haven't answered any of the questions, an alert will pop up warning you that you didn't answer however many questions and if you are sure you want to submit the quiz. 

After you submit the quiz, you can see your score and all the questions, what you answered, and what the correct answer was. You can print your quiz results. 

You can also see the database of all the possible questions on the quiz. There are 20 multiple choice questions, 10 true/false questions, 10 fill-in-the-blank questions, and 10 dropdown questions, for a total of 50 possible questions. On the database page, you can also see all the answer choices and the correct answer to the question. 

This project was created using Flask with Python. Programming languages used were Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, and SQL. The questions database is stored in a SQlite3 database.

Citations:

Python Modules used: random, flask, sqlite3

SQL code generated by CS50 IDE tool which allows the creation of databases and tables and the exportation of table into SQL code. 

FBLA Logo Picture: 
FBLA. FBLA-PBL Logo. www.fbla-pbl.org/media/FBLA-Logo-Color.png. 

All questions used for the test come from past and practice FBLA objective tests from Quizlet.

Navigation Bar:
From Bootstrap:
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/

https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/navbar/
